## Introduction ##
The product that we are presenting, Incognito, is a web site that will allow students to submit questions and feedback to their instructors in real time during class. This application will lower the barriers that discourage students from asking questions in class or seeking answers after class. It will also give instructors a better understanding of the class’s overall progress and understanding of the material, thus enabling students and instructors to interact more effectively in a large classroom setting.
## Problem ##
Consider a hypothetical student, John, who is attending a large university. During a class in a large lecture hall, John realizes he is confused about some aspect of the lecture’s topic. He wants to ask a question, but chooses to remain quiet - perhaps because it doesn’t seem like an appropriate time, or perhaps he doesn’t feel brave enough to speak up. Later, when the instructor is taking questions, John raises his hand, but because of time constraints or other questions, his question remains unanswered. John decides to ask his question after class is over, but almost immediately after the bell rings, many other students have already formed a line waiting to ask questions of their own. Because John has another class right after this one, he decides to go to his next class instead of waiting to ask his question. John can still ask his question in other ways - for example, by emailing his instructor, by posting his question on the course discussion board, or by going to office hours - but as a busy student, John may not remember to ask his question. If he does remember to follow through, he may have to wait for an answer, which may not come before he needs it for a homework assignment or test. In the worst case, his question may never be answered.
On the other hand, the instructor may not be aware of how many students are struggling with certain topics. The instructor may feel that things are going well and that students understand the material, and may go on to write an exam that he or she believes to be reasonable with this in mind. However, it may be that many students do not understand the material as well as the instructor believes. In this case, the exam may turn out too hard, and the instructor may be forced to heavily curve the class. This not only gives students a bad experience but also makes the exam less effective and leaves the instructor confused as to why the class’s performance was so low.
## Project Objectives ##
The idea behind Incognito is to allow a lecturer to more effectively address the class’s questions and concerns, regardless of the constraints. It will also give the lecturer the ability to gauge the class’s understanding by analyzing the input from the class. Students use aliases rather than their real names when using the application, which can help to overcome shyness or fear of embarrassment. If time permits, the instructor can still take some questions from the standard hand-raising method, but he or she can also take a few questions submitted through the application, perhaps by shy students or students sitting in the far back. Even if there is not enough time to answer all the questions presented during lecture, the instructor can answer them anytime after the lecture. Furthermore, since questions are documented in the application, students do not have to put in any extra effort to follow up on these questions after the lecture. The lecturer can review the questions after class and answer the questions using the application.
## Alternatives ##
There are not many software alternatives to Incognito, but there are several other alternatives, such as office hours, anonymous feedback, emails to course staff, course discussion boards, and clickers. The strength of email and discussion boards is that students willing to identify themselves can communicate with the instructor directly. This is especially true for office hours, which allow face-to-face communication with the instructor. However, there is no anonymity in office hours, email, or discussion boards, so students may be reluctant to ask or answer a question for fear of appearing to not understand the material. Students may also not be able to take advantage of office hours because of schedule conflicts, and email and discussion boards are ineffective if students do not remember to ask questions after class is over. Clicker questions raised by instructors give a limited indication of what the class as a whole is comfortable with, but they do not reveal individual confusion or misunderstanding of more complex issues.
Incognito addresses these problems by allowing students to ask questions anonymously and in real time during class. The application also allows the instructor to gauge the understanding of each individual in the audience, instead of the audience as a whole. The instructor can ask free response questions or start a poll during the lecture. Students will be more willing to speak freely due to the anonymity and convenience that Incognito offers.

## External Documentation ##
Other than the [wiki](http://code.google.com/p/classroom-presenter/wiki/HomePage) you are currently looking at, the log in page for Incognito will have a quick start guide to logging in and/or creating an account. Users logging in for the first time will be welcomed by an optional quick start tutorial video of the major features. There will be separate videos for the instructor and student sides of the application.